This is test file 3.This is test file 3.

3.	What is the difference between multiprocessor and multicomputer?a.	Multiprocessors make up a single computer and a multicomputer is a cluster of computers. Multicomputers are composed of more complex hardware/software components operating together as a single computer. Simply, Multicomputers would contain many multiprocessors per computer.4.	If a client and server are placed far apart, we may see network latency dominating overall performance. How do we tackle this problem?a.	In order to avoid additional network latency from geographic separation, hide communication latency. By using asynchronous communication, or not waiting for a response from a server when a request has been sent, the requestor can still do useful work in the down time.the users/resources. Finally, scalability can refer to the administration of the different organizations within the system.3.	What is the difference between multiprocessor and multicomputer?a.	Multiprocessors make up a single computer and a multicomputer is a cluster of computers. Multicomputers are composed of more complex hardware/software components operating together as a single computer. Simply, Multicomputers would contain many multiprocessors per computer.4.	If a client and server are placed far apart, we may see network latency dominating overall performance. How do we tackle this problem?a.	In order to avoid additional network latency from geographic separation, hide communication latency. By using asynchronous communication, or not waiting for a response from a server when a request has been sent, the requestor can still do useful work in the down time.
the users/resources. Finally, scalability can refer to the administration of the different organizations within the system.3.	What is the difference between multiprocessor and multicomputer?a.	Multiprocessors make up a single computer and a multicomputer is a cluster of computers. Multicomputers are composed of more complex hardware/software components operating together as a single computer. Simply, Multicomputers would contain many multiprocessors per computer.4.	If a client and server are placed far apart, we may see network latency dominating overall performance. How do we tackle this problem?a.	In order to avoid additional network latency from geographic separation, hide communication latency. By using asynchronous communication, or not waiting for a response from a server when a request has been sent, the requestor can still do useful work in the down time.