When call centers ruled the customer service industry, quality dropped, because customers were interacting with overseas employees without a firm grasp of the language or proper training. We are at a turning point now. Consumer preference for efficient modes of communication, such as chat and email, have reduced the industry’s dependence on labor-intensive phone contact centers, which also decreases customer service costs.

The era of smartphones, apps and connected devices (like an internet-connected car or a thermostat) generate so much data about a customer and their usage history that interactions are now highly efficient, which allows us the financial wriggle room to bring customer service jobs back stateside. Technology has allowed customer service to be so efficient that companies no longer need to hire as many people. Instead of 500 foreigners, you can hire 40 Americans.

Automation and technology are cutting our dependence on outsourcing.
Around 2012, when customer service automation was taking off, customer service jobs began returning to the U.S. As one article noted, customer service jobs “fit a niche in the economy that is more and more underserved. Customer service jobs certainly are not no-skill — one needs good communication skills along with basic phone and computer abilities. But they do not require a college diploma, and the training can be done on the job. There were more than 2.1 million of these customer service jobs in 2010 and the Bureau of Labor Statistics expects that number to grow 15 percent over the next decade.”

In other words, automation and technology are cutting our dependence on outsourcing. The tech industry has the ability to streamline and automate processes to the extent that costs are cut enough to stop outsourcing. It’s not just in customer service; it’s in energy, car manufacturing and new industries like the shared economy.

Silicon Valley can make America great again

Studies have shown that consumers actually love buying products that are made in America. Just as I’ve found that people seeking customer support prefer instant messaging with an American employee to talking on the phone with someone in India. We all want the same thing: American jobs, American products and American customer support.

The only real issue is cost. And that’s why Silicon Valley has a duty to the country to use automation to bring jobs back to the United States. We don’t need coal; we need customer service, we need solar energy, we need self-driving cars.

Silicon Valley does not need to be removed from the Rust Belt. We are not in a bubble. We are both a part of the problem and a possible solution. The innovation that we see here is an economic opportunity for the entire country, not just because it’s a win for the economy, but because it’s a win for companies. Automation can bring back American jobs, which begets higher quality work and a new age of American greatness — one that speaks to what we have always been known for: innovation.
Every Sunday, our daily newsletter features a piece of analysis and opinion regarding the biggest stories of the week in tech. This Sunday, we’re republishing this week’s daily newsletter column here in its entirety.

Resistance and reluctance: Trump’s most controversial act yet is a sweeping immigration order that bars refugees and even legitimate visa holders from a list of Muslim majority countries from entering the country. In an interview on Fox News on Sunday, Trump lieutenant Rudy Giuliani admitted Trump came to him and asked him for a way to create a Muslim ban in a way that was legally acceptable. This is no longer something that anyone with any influence in tech can justifiably fail to oppose.

And yet we see a range of responses from leaders and companies in and around Silicon Valley. We’ve been tracking the various statements released, internal emails leaked, and actions taken by startups, tech giants, investors and more, and the range of responses is what you’d expect from a group so varied and with such complicated relationships to Trump and his administration.

Early reaction from large companies including Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft has focused on the immediate impact of the order on employees, with these companies expressing support for, and offering legal assistance to employees affected. These also tended to include fairly mild admonitions about the potential impact on talent acquisition, but by and large they avoided strong or direct condemnation of the Trump administration actions on moral or values-based grounds.

Some companies, including Airbnb, Twitter and Lyft are more explicitly admitting they oppose Trump’s actions at a fundamental level. Lyft and investor Chris Sacca have gone further still, donating funds to the ACLU – Lyft will contribute $1 million over the next four years, in fact. Fred Wilson broke silence regarding Trump maintained since his election and will be donating monthly to the ACLU as well.

Meanwhile some of those with the most direct access to the White House have been more measured in their response. Tesla CEO Elon Musk, who sits on not one, but two Trump industry advisory councils said on Twitter that the ban was “not the best way” to address U.S. immigration challenges, for instance, and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said he’d “raise” the issue of the order’s unfairness at an upcoming advisory council meeting with Trump.
