The problemThis project has two purposes: first to makeyou familiarize with sockets/RPCs/RMIs, processes, threads; second to learn the design and internals of a peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing system.You  can  be  creative  with  this  project. You  are  free  to  use  any  programming  languages  (e.g.,  C/ C++ or Java) and any abstractions such as sockets, RPCs, RMIs, threads, events, etc. that might be needed. Also, you are free to use any machines such as your laptops or PCs.In this project, you need to design a simple P2P system that has two components:1.A central indexing server. This server indexes the contents of all of the peers that register with  it.  It  also  provides  search  facility to  peers.  In  our  simple  version,  you  don't  need  to implement sophisticated searching algorithms; an exact match will be fine. Minimally, the server should provide the following interface to the peer clients: oregistry(peer id, file name, ...)--invoked by a peer to register all its files with the indexing server. The server then builds the index for the peer. Other sophisticated algorithms such as automatic indexing are not required, but feel free to do whatever is reasonable. You may provide optional information to the server to make it more 'real', such as the clients’ bandwidth, etc. osearch(file  name)--this  procedureshould  search  the  index  and  return  all  the matching peers to the requestor. 2.A peer. A peer is both a client and a server. As a client, the user specifies a file name with the indexing server using "lookup". The indexing server returns a list of all otherpeers that hold the file. The user can pick one such peer and the client then connects to this peer and downloads the file. As a server, the peer waits for requests from other peers and sends the requested file  when  receiving  a  request.Minimally,  the  peer  server  should  provide  the following interface to the peer client: oretrieve(file name)--invoked by a peer to download a file from another peer. 

